chore: v1.0.0 beta.103 (#739)
Redocly/redocly-cli: docs/commands/lint.md

:::success Tip
To learn more about preprocessors and rules, refer to the [custom rules](../resources/custom-rules.md) page.
:::

### Lint config file

> The `lint` command also validate the configuration file. You may want to set saverity level by using the `--lint-config` option.  This option accepts one of the following values: `warn`,`error`,`off`. Default value is `warn`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lint` command also validates the configuration file. You may want to set severity level by using the `--lint-config` option.  This option accepts one of the following values: `warn`,`error`,`off`. Default value is `warn`. 
```
